# Plot 1
Here, I am trying to visualize the data distribution of the mating duration between males housed alone and males housed with rivals. The boxplots represent the distribution of the entire data set for both treatments. The reaction-norm plot in the middle of the figure depicts the average values for each of 28 genetic lines and the slopes represent the magnitude of difference between the two treatments. This allows the viewer to simultaneously view the overall distribution of the data, along with any potential trends involving genetic line and/or interactions with genetic line. I picked boxplots because I felt my sample size wasn't quite large enough to benefit from using violin plots. Also, both of these types of plots are high on Cleveland's hierarchy, as they are interpreted by looking at the position of a graphic along a common axis. 

# Plot 2
In this plot, I am trying to visualize the genetic relationship between the duration of a female's first mating, and the mating latency of a subsequent mating. Each point on the plot represents the average measure of a single genetic line. In order to visualize if the genetic correlation differed between treatments, I split the points and regression line according to their experience treatment using colour. I decided to use a scatterplot because it is an effective way to visualize such genetic correlations. Although colour is relatively low on Cleveland's hierarchy, I believe it is fine when using it to distinguish independent variables, especially when you do not have many groups.

# Plot 3
In this plot, I am trying to visualize the binomial probability of a female's decision to remate depending on the duration of a previous mating. Although the "beads" (using area and colour to visualize frequency and treatment) on the top and bottom of the figure rank relatively low on Cleveland's hierarchy (mostly due to the limitations of visualizing a binomial distribution), the binomial model plotted gives the reader a good visualization of the probability of remating depending on the mating duration and treatment group.

